---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "secureworkload_scope Resource - terraform-provider-secureworkload"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for creating a scope in Secure Workload
  Example
  An example is shown below:
  hcl
  resource "secureworkload_scope" "scope" {
      short_name = "Terraform created scope"
      short_query_type = "eq"
      short_query_field = "ip"
       short_query_value = "1.2.3.4 "
       parent_app_scope_id = data.secureworkload_scope.scope.id
  }
  
  Note: If creating multiple rules during a single terraform apply, remember to use depends_on to chain the rules so that terraform creates it in the same order that you intended.
---

# secureworkload_scope (Resource)

Resource for creating a scope in Secure Workload

## Example
An example is shown below: 
```hcl
resource "secureworkload_scope" "scope" {
    short_name = "Terraform created scope"
    short_query_type = "eq"
    short_query_field = "ip"
	 short_query_value = "1.2.3.4 "
	 parent_app_scope_id = data.secureworkload_scope.scope.id
}
```
**Note:** If creating multiple rules during a single `terraform apply`, remember to use `depends_on` to chain the rules so that terraform creates it in the same order that you intended.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parent_app_scope_id` (String) What resource field to use when evaluating the scope query.
- `short_name` (String) User-specified name for the scope.
- `short_query_field` (String) What resource field to use when evaluating the scope query.
- `short_query_type` (String) Scope short query type.
- `short_query_value` (String) What resource value to use when evaluating the scope query.

### Optional

- `description` (String) User-specified description of the scope.
- `policy_priority` (Number) Used to sort application priorities; default is last.

### Read-Only

- `child_app_scope_ids` (List of String) Indicates a child or parent query has been updated and that the changes need to be committed..
- `created_at` (Number) Unix Epoch timestamp when scope was created.
- `dirty` (Boolean) Indicates a child or parent query has been updated and that the changes need to be committed..
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) Fully qualified name of the scope. This is a fully qualified name; that is, it includes the names of parent scopes (if applicable) all the way to the root scope.
- `priority` (String)
- `root_app_scope_id` (String) Root scope for the secureworkload installation
- `short_priority` (Number) Used to sort application priorities; default is last.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix Epoch timestamp when scope was last updated.
- `vrf_id` (Number) ID of the VRF to which scope belongs.


